CoordinatedMotionDemo/README.md, before:

## CoordinatedMotionDemo
----------------------------------
In this application more interesting movement is created by animating multiple objects, or even the children of an item as the parent itself moves.

==================================

#### Coordinated Motion - Multiple Elements
In this example, the cards move onto screen at different speeds, helping to convey that
they are separate items.

When doing this, it's key that you do so in a coordinated matter, here we are achieving coordinated motion by using a consistent direction and timing.

All cards move in from the bottom of the screen, from different distances, which causes the closing up effect.

Because they use the same duration and interpolator, the acceleration and deceleration will link
them perceptively, thanks to the gestalt laws of grouping that we looked at earlier.

#### Chaotic Motion - Multiple Chaotic Elements
In this exaggerated example, each card arrives from a different direction, appearing chaotic.

Try sketching out the paths that items will travel upon to check that they are coordinated, avoiding overlapping paths in conflicting directions.

#### Curved Motion - Curved Motion List - Details
In this example clicking on an item performs a shared element transition on the circle.

In the real world, few items move in a linear fashion, so using linear motion can feel robotic and
unnatural.

Notice that the difference between this straight line transition and curved transition. The latter feels more natural.

Be judicious with this technique as it can attract attention, so make sure it's used when
that is your intention.

Commit message:

Apply Size Changes on a CardView.

CoordinatedMotionDemo/README.md, after:

## CoordinatedMotionDemo
----------------------------------
In this application more interesting movement is created by animating multiple objects, or even the children of an item as the parent itself moves.

==================================

#### Coordinated Motion - Multiple Elements
In this example, the cards move onto screen at different speeds, helping to convey that
they are separate items.

When doing this, it's key that you do so in a coordinated matter, here we are achieving coordinated motion by using a consistent direction and timing.

All cards move in from the bottom of the screen, from different distances, which causes the closing up effect.

Because they use the same duration and interpolator, the acceleration and deceleration will link
them perceptively, thanks to the gestalt laws of grouping that we looked at earlier.

#### Chaotic Motion - Multiple Chaotic Elements
In this exaggerated example, each card arrives from a different direction, appearing chaotic.

Try sketching out the paths that items will travel upon to check that they are coordinated, avoiding overlapping paths in conflicting directions.

#### Curved Motion - Curved Motion List - Details
In this example clicking on an item performs a shared element transition on the circle.

In the real world, few items move in a linear fashion, so using linear motion can feel robotic and
unnatural.

Notice that the difference between this straight line transition and curved transition. The latter feels more natural.

Be judicious with this technique as it can attract attention, so make sure it's used when that is your intention.

#### Transforming Surfaces - Size Change
Material surfaces can transform their size, shape, and position.

When animating a change in size of an item, you want to avoid having your users mistake this for a zoom effect, which might imply an elevation change, like this example.

A good way to do this, is to animate the width, and the height at different rates, making it clear what is changing.
